if you could change your name what would
you change it to Robert
hmm what about you Jamarcus I be
Jamarcus Kimmel yeah you aren't Jamarcus
see did you know your mama is so nasty
that she bit her dog and gave it rabies
that's your mother too and she's lovely
woman and she doesn't have a dog you're
right
what's wrong with you I was trying to be
funny and I screwed up I'm really sorry
you should be dumb she's dumb
so if I pinch myself can you feel it I
don't know you're trying you didn't feel
that yeah I did I'm just tough
you're not just tough you're the
toughest ah
Captain Morgan white rum the answer to
all life's ridiculous questions for more
ridiculousness with Jimmy watch Jimmy
Kimmel Live weeknights at 11:35